Nazuna-chan said my blood was tasty.
And after meeting Nazuna-chan,
I decided I wanted to be a vampire.
So our situation is built on an agreement
between the two of us.
Nazuna-chan wants to suck my blood
and I want to become a vampire.
Is there anything more that needs to be said?
That depends on Nazuna.
You wouldn't understand Yamori-kun,
but we don't trust Nazuna yet.
Maybe she has no intention of making you her offspring,
and is lying to all of us.
Why you little-
Nazuna-chan told me,
"If you wanna fall in love, go ahead."
I see, I see!
So that's your deal, Nazuna.
Anyway, fine.
We're going to accept you, for now at least.
So we won't suddenly kidnap Yamori-kun and kill him.
Though if you take too long, we may rethink things.
Don't worry.
I intend to become a vampire
no matter how many years it takes.
Wh-what is it?
Oh!
Huh?
Yamori-kun, "no matter how many years" isn't possible.
The reason being...
vampires have a time limit of one year.
Time limit?
If a human doesn't become a vampire within one year of
when they have their blood sucked for the first time,
they will never become a vampire.
Basically, they don't qualify.
I forgot about that!
Huh?
Whaaaaaaat?!
Anyway, I'm taking Ko-kun back.
Got it.
Look what we brought!
Yeah, let's drink!
Cheers!
Oh, yeah, Ko-kun, I forgot.
There's one more thing.
There's something else?
Yeah! That's the stuff!
You know, for the massage the other day.
Uh, with Kiyosumi-san?
What about it?
'Kay, time to go?
D-did you have to do that here?!
Huh? Quit yapping.
You have a problem with that?
That was one intense night.
I could have been killed, right?
By those people?
What's up?
Well, you're pretty unusual even for a vampire, huh?
What do you mean, "even for a vampire"?
I'm not sure how to say this,
but I'm glad you're the one I met, Nazuna-chan.
'That so?
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
Ano hi ringo no ki no shita kyouhan de
Fumi koete mita kyoukaisen
Suguni black out
A, oikari de...
Oitaterarete konna jigen e
Oretoshita koto ga
Ore gotoki desura
Ore ni kagitte iya
Msaka ne
Kimi no sei ni shita
Himitsu o teni shita
Ichijiku no ha ga migi hidari
Atto iuma me ga sameru
Kato omoeba sora ni ochite yuku
Nanto iuka yamerarenu
Mouhito kajiri
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
So yeah, I now have a time limit.
A limit of one year.
Isn't that pretty bad?
You think so too?
Yeah, a future dream is something
you spend years to achieve.
But being barred for life if you fail after
trying for one year is pretty harsh, isn't it?
No, I don't mean that.
A human who knows too much about vampire habits
is a threat, so they'll kill you.
They said something like that, didn't they?
Yeah.
But they let me off on that one.
Well, that's only because they realized you
want to become a vampire, right?
Doesn't that mean if you aren't a vampire a year later,
you'll be a human who knows a lot about vampires
but can never be a vampire yourself?
When that happens, won't they kill you?
Uh, seriously?!
You really didn't realize, huh?
What do I do, Akira?!
Do I only have a year left to live?!
Calm down.
You're going to fall in love, aren't you?
With Nazuna Nanakusa?
I can at least give some advice.
Akira!
I'm pretty screwed, aren't I?
Having said that, I wonder if he'll be okay?
I don't think we can count on that woman.
Besides, why is Ko so good at studying
but oblivious when it comes to that kind of thing?
I see...
Ko's act of pretending to be
a model student must come from-
Huh?
Mahiru?
Oh, it's you, Akira.
Good morning.
What are you doing?
Yeah, sorry.
I didn't think anyone would come this way.
I was totally zonked out!
Why?
I was out having fun all night.
Seriously?
Is going out at night trending or something?
What do you mean?
Nothing.
Last time I checked, you were a pretty good student.
You were out all night?
What were you doing?
Well, actually...
there's this person I like...
Th-that's kind of corny!
Say what you want.
Apparently the person can only make
time at night, so that's why.
It's someone older?
I hope it's not a vampire.
What? What's that supposed to mean?
Oh, it's nothing.
Anyway, forget about my stuff!
By the way, Ko hasn't been coming
to school lately, has he?
Yeah, seems that way.
I knew it.
I thought I hadn't seen him around.
I hope the three of us can hang out again.
Did the three of us ever hang out at all?
What? Ouch!
Am I the only one who thought we were friends?
You have so many friends, Mahiru.
You always have other people around you,
so I don't have that many memories
of us three being together.
Aw, you're making me blush.
I don't think I said anything to make you blush.
Why hasn't Ko been coming?
Have you talked to him recently?
Kind of.
Was he doing okay?
I see.
Okay, then, I'll contact him as well,
but if you see him again tell him I was worried, too.
Will do.
So Mahiru has a love interest, huh?
And someone older, at that.
That's kind of unexpected, I guess?
Akira! Ko!
What're you doing?
He's watching ants carry bugs to their nest!
Is that fun?
Kind of!
That sounds fun too,
but we don't have enough people for baseball.
Can you join us?
I don't know the rules.
Don't worry!
I'll teach you, okay?
C'mon, Mahiru, please?!
I already told them you'd come!
Sorry, man, honestly!
There's this thing I really can't miss.
You always say that these days!
Well, I've hardly had time to sleep lately.
Come on, people, get some proper sleep.
If it isn't Yamori-kun!
'Sup?
Huh? Who do you mean?
You must be mistaken and now I gotta go, bye!
Don't run!
Don't worry, kid.
I'm not gonna kill you today!
By the way, I heard your blood's mad tasty?
I'm so intrigued!
You totally intend to drink it!
So how were things after that?
Any progress?
I'm not sure what to do.
To become a vampire,
I have to fall in love with Nazuna-chan,
and I meant to do that
no matter how many years it took, but...
The one year limit.
So now that won't work anymore.
Nazuna-chan's stance is to
go ahead and do what I want,
but she's not going to actively turn me into a vampire.
I have to figure it out.
I have to be the one to change.
But...
how do I fall in love?
To like someone...
To fall in love, what is that like?
H-holy crap!
A pure and innocent middle schooler asking,
"What is love like?"
Ahhhh!
Is this for real?
I can't even!
I-I see...
Right!
Just leave it to Love Master Kikyo Seri-chin
to help you out!
"Love Master Seri-chin"...
Here's a surefire way for a guy and girl to get closer...
Nazuna-chan, let's go on a date!
Don't wanna.
Oh, found some diamonds! All right!
Because you're gaming?!
You won't go on a date with me
because you're GAMING?!
I mean, look at this Ko-kun!
I found diamonds!
Isn't that sweet?!
When I don't understand their value,
I have no idea what's so sweet about it!
You sad human being.
Take that.
How could you do that?!
I'm sorry.
Thank goodness these recent consoles autosave,
but if this was a retro game it could've been awful!
Fine, fine.
Let's just go on a date, okay?
He doesn't get it at all!
Come on, forget about it.
Jeez!
So what?
I'm really not into this date idea.
Come on, just give it a try.
Cinema Mode 1 & 2
Honestly, you can't do anything without me.
Wh-what? That's so not true!
Don't be so stubborn.
You know I understand you more than anyone.
I hate you, okay?!
You're such a liar.
Hey, Ko-kun...
Just say you love me.
Y-yes?
Are you trying to get on my nerves?
Th-that definitely wasn't my intention.
Why else would you choose a romcom, then?
All I can do is clench my face muscles
and try to stay sane!
S-sorry, shall we leave?
Uh, what's next?
Movie (romcom)
Cafe
Talk about the movie you just saw!
Wh-what did you think about the movie?
Sorry, never mind!
I know!
I know I shouldn't, but I can't stop
following the advice word-for-word!
Hey, someone put ideas in your head, didn't they?
Who was it?
No, uh...
Here, take this.
Oh, you probably shouldn't tell her
you heard this from me.
'Cuz Nazuna hates me.
Hey!
Seri, huh?
A movie, a café, the arcade, karaoke,
an aquarium, window shopping,
and finally, a meal overlooking the nightscape, huh?
Lame.
I'm going home.
Failing your first date kinda kills you inside.
What did I do wrong?!
Well, everything, of course!
I'm hungry.
Yo!
Nazuna-chan...
I figured it would suck too much for you
if we ended things the way we did.
Wanna do the last bit of the date properly, at least?
The last bit?
A meal overlooking the night lights, right?
Tell me, Ko-kun.
What is a date, exactly?
Is this a date?
Then we're always going on dates, aren't we?
Denshinbashira no neiki ga
Telephone poles snoozing
Just do what you always do.
Kansen douro no akubi ga
Highways yawning
I find that pretty fun.
Utatane shita jihanki ga
Vening machines dozing
Shizuke ni kanaderu
A quiet meloday
Shingouki no matataki
Traffic lights flashing
Gaitou no saeta me ga
Streetlamps with wakeful eyes
Mado ga kobosu itonami ga
Windows glowing with life
Kirakira terashiteru
They glimmer and illuminate
8th Night: All of Us
To the next place, let's go!
So we are going!
That idiotic vampire!
I only took my eyes off her for like a second!
Next place, next place!
Yeah, let's go!
Beer, beer!
So where should we go?
Whaddaya mean?
The usual place, of course.
Beer! Beer!
What? We're not going to karaoke?
I wanna get something to eat.
No one asked you!
What, me?
I'm not that hungry right now.
What, why?!
Let's go get something!
I dunno, I'm just not.
That was close!
We haven't talked in a while,
but he's still the same as ever.
I'm sure even now, he'd see someone like me and-
It's Ko, right?
M...Mahiru-kun...
Hey! Long time no see!
Just a few streets away and
there are a lot fewer people around.
Yeah...
U-um, is this okay?
Weren't you out with friends?
Oh, it's fine.
I told them what's up.
And I mean, I'm surprised you knew it was me.
It's been ages.
Of course I could tell!
We're friends, aren't we?
"From what point are people friends?"
is a question I always have,
but I'm pretty certain that Akira and Mahiru-kun
were most definitely my friends.
Still, Akira was a girl,
and a part of me back in elementary school
wasn't too sure how to interact with her.
On the other hand, things were easy with Mahiru-kun.
From my perspective...
from anyone's perspective really, I'm sure of it.
Mahiru-kun was perfect.
He has good grades, excells at sports,
and never hesitates to get up in front of people.
All the teachers trust him, but he isn't too serious.
To top it off, his family runs a flower shop.
All of his factors are just so amazing.
I'm sure nobody has anything bad
to say about Mahiru-kun.
So being told I'm a friend of his
makes me super happy.
You have kind of a unique presence,
so I can tell right away, like,
"Hey, that's Ko!"
Y-you think so?
You're the one who stands out.
I could spot you anywhere.
I guess we always noticed each other
but never got the chance to talk, huh?
Y-yeah, me too.
I'm happy I get to see you for the first time in-
This conversation's a little too corny for me.
Whoa, you startled me!
Yo.
Are you heading home now?
It's awfully late.
No, I just got up.
That's awfully early!
Is it early?
Akira's sleep cycle is way out of whack.
I defintiely don't want to hear that from you.
You're skipping school and
fooling around with a girl at night?
That's right!
Tell him, Mahiru!
Tell him he should at least come to school.
What's the big deal?
What do you do with her, specifically?
We go on walks, play video games...
Spending time with her...
Is it fun?
Uh, yeah.
I see.
Oh, sorry you two.
I'm supposed to meet someone.
They're already there.
I should go.
Oh, okay.
Ko...
Thanks, you've encouraged me a bit.
See you!
I don't know what just happened,
but Mahiru-kun thanked me.
I'm so happy!
You know, around Mahiru you really get corny.
Wh-what do you mean?!
I mean, it's Mahiru-kun!
Fine, fine, he's your role model.
He's everyone's role model!
Well, actually...
there's this person I like...
I'm going to go home to sleep again.
You're looking for Nazuna Nanakusa, aren't you?
Yeah.
Goodnight.
That wandering Ko-kun!
Where'd he go?
Nazuna-chan!
I finally found you!
What's wrong?
It seems illicit with a middle schooler, doesn't it?
Huh? What does?
Whatever.
What?
Your hand, gimme your hand.
Here.
Nazuna-chan...
I take my eyes off you and you disappear right away!
That's you, isn't it?!
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta
Gaki no koro kara yoru ga suki datta
Kuji ni neru no wa nanka iya datta
Nantonaku tada mottainakatta
Omae no koto ga motto shiritakatta
Hey hey
Iwayuru sanmon no toku
Nageuttedemo mitainosa motto oku no oku no oku
Iro koku himo toku
12 o'clock kara ushi no koku made
Hajimete omae o mataida no wa
Iya hajimete matagatta no wa tashika juushi
Ore wa nanimo shirane wannabe
Tetori ashitori subete ga atarashii
Sugata katachi ni sono kaori
Shizukesa ga niau sono kuroi hada ni
Sui komareteta temaneki sareru mamani
Sorekara omae wa ongaku o kureta
Onna no hadaka mo mishite kureta
Nonda koto nee sake ni kuchi tsukete
Oton no tabacco kusune hi o tsuketa
Yaccha ikenai ga afurete
Shiccha ikenai ni mamireteru
Mukae ni kuru yami ni magirete
Omae wa itsumo kimagure de
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta